INTMDB-263: Create Resource and Datasource for private_link_endpoint_adl (#640)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/d/privatelink_endpoints_service_adl.html.markdown

---
layout: "mongodbatlas"
page_title: "MongoDB Atlas: privatelink_endpoints_service_adl"
sidebar_current: "docs-mongodbatlas-datasource-privatelink-endpoints-service-adl"
description: |-

> Describes the list of all DataLake and Online Archive private link endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Describes the list of all Atlas Data Lake and Online Archive PrivateLink endpoints.
```

Author: done!

---

# privatelink_endpoints_service_adl

> `privatelink_endpoints_service_adl` Describes the list of all DataLake and Online Archive private link endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`privatelink_endpoints_service_adl` Describes the list of all Atlas Data Lake (ADL) and Online Archive PrivateLink endpoints.
```

Author: done!

  type		 = "DATA_LAKE"
  provider_name	 = "AWS"
}

data "mongodbatlas_privatelink_endpoints_service_adl" "test" {
  project_id            = mongodbatlas_privatelink_endpoint_service_adl.adl_test.project_id
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `project_id`    - (Required) The unique ID for the project.

# Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `links` - The links array includes one or more links to sub-resources or related resources. The relations between URLs are explained in the [Web Linking Specification](http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5988).
* `results` - Each element in the `result` array is one private endpoint.
* `total_count` - This value is the count of the total number of items in the result set. `total_count may be greater than the number of objects in the results array if the entire result set is paginated.

### links
Each object in the `links` array represents an online archive with the following attributes:
* `self` - The URL endpoint for this resource.

### results

Each object in the `results` array represents an online archive with the following attributes:

> * `endpoint_id` - (Required) Unique 22-character alphanumeric string that identifies the private endpoint. Atlas supports AWS private endpoints using the [|aws| PrivateLink](https://aws.amazon.com/privatelink/) feature.

Reviewer: Same edits as in singular data source.

Author: done!
